Add information typing pages (#146)
mongodb/docs-meta: source/style-guide/information-types/reference.txt

.. _meta-reference-prototype:

========================
Reference Page Prototype
========================

.. default-domain:: mongodb

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 2
   :class: singlecol

.. include:: /includes/info-typing/fact-general-guidance.rst

A reference page provides quick information to experienced users of a product. 
Reference pages may describe the use of a method, operator, or database command. 

> Information presented as a bulleted list or table is usually a reference page. 

Reviewer: Suggestion:

I think it would be more consistent to describe what the page contains rather than explain that certain formats of information are what make it a reference page.

This prior description on the information-typing.txt seems more accurate since other types such as a task may contain bulleted lists:
> Apart from straightforward reference manual pages, reference pages can include bulleted lists or tables of information.

        name: "<shard_name>"                                               
      }                                                                    
   )  

Command Fields
--------------

The command takes the following fields:

.. list-table::                                                            
   :header-rows: 1                                                         
   :widths: 20 20 10 60                                                       
                                                                           
   * - Field                                                               
                                                                           
     - Type 

     - Necessity                                                               
                                                                           
     - Description

   * - Parameter

     - String

     - Required

     - String

Behaviors
---------

Optional. 

Behaviors should apply only to the operator described on this page. 

Examples
--------

Optional.

This section could contain examples of the most common use cases.

> Populate Reference and Task page examples using includes, so we write

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use includes for Reference and Task page examples, so we write
```
Clarity fix

Author: Updated.
